
PayPal Status Notifications
COMPLETED: Paydiant Platform Production Maintenance - Has Completed
Impacted Products/APIs: Paydiant Platform
Maintenance Start Time: May 22, 17:00 UTC
Maintenance End Time: May 22, 20:00 UTC
Completed : The scheduled maintenance has been completed. 


You are receiving this notification because you have previously subscribed to receive notifications regarding the Retail Checkout components of PayPal, including the Paydiant Platform. You can manage your subscriptions using the links below. If you have any questions related to this notification, please contact your account manager or send an email to the Paydiant technical support team. Emails should include the notification number (PP-LIVE-8775) since it is a unique identifier for this communication. Thank you. 


May 22, 19:50 UTC
Update 1: The scheduled maintenance has started, please refer to information in Initial Notification below for details. 


You are receiving this notification because you have previously subscribed to receive notifications regarding the Retail Checkout components of PayPal, including the Paydiant Platform. You can manage your subscriptions using the links below. If you have any questions related to this notification, please contact your account manager or send an email to the Paydiant technical support team. Emails should include the notification number (PP-LIVE-8775) since it is a unique identifier for this communication. Thank you. 


May 22, 17:00 UTC
Rescheduled: The scheduled maintenance has been rescheduled. We are sorry for any inconvenience.




You are receiving this notification because you have previously subscribed to receive notifications regarding the Retail Checkout components of PayPal, including the Paydiant Platform. You can manage your subscriptions using the links below. If you have any questions related to this notification, please contact your account manager or send an email to the Paydiant technical support team. Emails should include the notification number (PP-LIVE-8775) since it is a unique identifier for this communication. Thank you. 


May 15, 15:23 UTC
Rescheduled: The scheduled maintenance has been rescheduled. We are sorry for any inconvenience. 


You are receiving this notification because you have previously subscribed to receive notifications regarding the Retail Checkout components of PayPal, including the Paydiant Platform. You can manage your subscriptions using the links below. If you have any questions related to this notification, please contact your account manager or send an email to the Paydiant technical support team. Emails should include the notification number (PP-LIVE-8775) since it is a unique identifier for this communication. Thank you. 


May 7, 17:04 UTC
Initial Notification: Maintenance Event Summary: Paydiant operations personnel will be performing the regularly scheduled monthly platform release on 8-May-2019 starting at 1:00pm ET.

Service(s) Affected: Paydiant Production Services

Region(s) Affected: All

Action(s) Required: None

Expected Impact: There will be up to a 10 minute delay in fuel site communications and sites may be temporarily disconnected during the maintenance window. The fuel sites should automatically reconnect using local retry logic. 



You are receiving this notification because you have previously subscribed to receive notifications regarding the Retail Checkout components of PayPal, including the Paydiant Platform. You can manage your subscriptions using the links below. If you have any questions related to this notification, please contact your account manager or send an email to the Paydiant technical support team. Emails should include the notification number (PP-LIVE-8775) since it is a unique identifier for this communication. Thank you. 


May 3, 17:28 UTC
Reference ID: PP-LIVE-8775 (click to see full details)
PayPal Status Dashboard | Subscribe | Unsubscribe
